add_namespace = WNE

news_event = {
    id = WNE.1 # USSR Chaos
    title = "Moscow in Chaos!"
    desc = WNE.1.desc
    picture = GFX_report_ussrchaos
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 4
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "ussrchaos_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.1.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.1.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.2 # Biafra Wins 5NBW
    title = WNE.2.t
    desc = WNE.2.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_5nbw_biafra
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 1
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "biafra_win_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.2.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.2.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.3 # Nigeria Wins 5NBW
    title = WNE.3.t
    desc = WNE.3.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_5nbw_nigeria
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 2
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "nigeria_win_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.3.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.3.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.4 # South African Civil War
    title = WNE.4.t
    desc = WNE.4.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_saf_cw
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 3
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "saf_cw_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.4.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.4.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.6 # Shining Path Victory - Mainline
    title = WNE.6.t
    desc = WNE.6.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pru_sdl
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.6.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.7 # Shining Path Victory - Militarized Communist Party
    title = WNE.7.t
    desc = WNE.7.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pru_militarized
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.7.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.8 # Shining Path Victory - Tupac Amar√∫
    title = WNE.8.t
    desc = WNE.8.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pru_tupac
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.8.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.9 # Shining Path Victory - Chaos
    title = WNE.9.t
    desc = WNE.9.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pru_chaos
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.9.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.10 # Fujimorist/White Peru Victory
    title = WNE.10.t
    desc = WNE.10.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pru_pru
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.10.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.11 # Omskduras wins against El Salvador
    title = WNE.11.t
    desc = WNE.11.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_omskduras
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.11.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.12 # Omskduras loses against El Salvador
    title = WNE.12.t
    desc = WNE.12.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_elsalvador
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.12.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.13 # Mishima moment
    title = WNE.13.t
    desc = WNE.13.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mishima_news
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 
	major = no

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
		trigger = {
			OR = {
			TAG = FIJ
			TAG = BNG
			TAG = SAM
			TAG = BHA
			TAG = KMP
			}
		}
		name = WNE.13.a
	}
    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
		trigger = {
			OR = {
			TAG = JAP
			TAG = KOK
			}
		}
		name = WNE.13.b
	}
    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
		trigger = {
			OR = {
			TAG = IND
			TAG = MLY
			TAG = PHI
			TAG = BUR
			TAG = SIA
			TAG = SVI
			}
		}
		name = WNE.13.c
	}
    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
		trigger = {
				NOT = {
					OR = {
					TAG = IND
					TAG = MLY
					TAG = PHI
					TAG = BUR
					TAG = SIA
					TAG = SVI
					TAG = JAP
					TAG = KOK
					TAG = FIJ
					TAG = BNG
					TAG = SAM
					TAG = BHA
					TAG = KMP
				}
			}
		}
		name = WNE.13.d #debug response, not supposed to happen ^_^
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.14 # Nnamdi Kanus Biafra 2 Jewish Boogaloo
    title = WNE.14.t
    desc = WNE.14.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_BIA_kanu_biafra
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.14.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.16 # FIVME...
    title = WNE.16.t
    desc = WNE.16.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_fivme
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.16.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.17 # Soviet Alaska :muscle:
    title = WNE.17.t
    desc = WNE.17.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_soviet_alaska
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.17.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.18 # 2nd toyota
    title = WNE.18.t
    desc = WNE.18.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_toyota
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.18.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.19 # 2nd toyota - ndjamena win
    title = WNE.19.t
    desc = WNE.19.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_toyota_chad
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.19.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.20 # 2nd toyota - libya win
    title = WNE.20.t
    desc = WNE.20.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_toyota_libya
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.20.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.21 # White Peru wins after chaos
    title = WNE.21.t
    desc = WNE.21.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pru_chaos
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.21.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.22 # Peruvian Red Guards win out
    title = WNE.22.t
    desc = WNE.22.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pru_chaos
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.22.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.23 # Peru partitioned
    title = WNE.23.t
    desc = WNE.23.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pru_chaos
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.23.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.24 # West Papua War
    title = WNE.24.t
    desc = WNE.24.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_wpw
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.24.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.25 # New Guinea wins WPW
    title = WNE.25.t
    desc = WNE.25.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_NWG_wpw
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.25.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.26 # Indonesia wins WPW
    title = WNE.26.t
    desc = WNE.26.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_IND_wpw
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.26.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.27 # D√©by does elections and hands power once his socdem rival wins
    title = WNE.27.t
    desc = WNE.27.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_deby_resigns
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.27.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.28 # D√©by fucking dies
    title = WNE.28.t
    desc = WNE.28.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_deby_gets_shot
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.28.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.29 # ML coup in Chad
    title = WNE.29.t
    desc = WNE.29.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_chad_is_commie
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.29.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.30 # Antisemite Pope
    title = WNE.30.t
    desc = WNE.30.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_PONTIFEX_GREGORIUS
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.30.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.31 # Communist Pope
    title = WNE.31.t
    desc = WNE.31.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_PONTIFEX_FRANCISCUS
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.31.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.32 # Black Pope
    title = WNE.32.t
    desc = WNE.32.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_PONTIFEX_MARTINUS
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.32.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.33 # Ambazonia War Begins
    title = WNE.33.t
    desc = WNE.33.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_ambazonia_war
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.33.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.34 # Cameroon Victory
    title = WNE.34.t
    desc = WNE.34.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_aw_cameroon
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.34.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.35 # Ambazonia Victory
    title = WNE.35.t
    desc = WNE.35.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_aw_ambazonia
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.35.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.36 # SAF government (the one in Cape Town) wins
    title = WNE.36.t
    desc = WNE.36.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_cape_govt
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.36.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.37 # Andile govt (the one in Durban/Port Elizabeth) wins
    title = WNE.37.t
    desc = WNE.37.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_andile_govt
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.37.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.38 # Pretoria govt (the AWB) wins
    title = WNE.38.t
    desc = WNE.38.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pretoria_govt
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.38.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.39 # Democratic Burma
    title = WNE.39.t
    desc = WNE.39.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_burma_democrat
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.39.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.40 # Military Burma
    title = WNE.40.t
    desc = WNE.40.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_burma_military
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.40.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.41 # Burma cw
    title = WNE.41.t
    desc = WNE.41.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_burma_cw
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.41.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.42 # separatist epic victory
    title = WNE.42.t
    desc = WNE.42.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_burma_separatists
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.42.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.43 # burma military wins
    title = WNE.43.t
    desc = WNE.43.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_burma_military_win
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.43.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.44 # CPB wins
    title = WNE.44.t
    desc = WNE.44.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_burma_cpb
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.44.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.45 # PVNT wins against EAF (the antichrist)
    title = WNE.45.t
    desc = WNE.45.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_SOM_WINS_EAF
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.45.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.46 # EAF wins against soymalia
    title = WNE.46.t
    desc = WNE.46.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_EAF_WINS_SOM
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.46.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.47 # EAF invades PVNT
    title = WNE.47.t
    desc = WNE.47.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_escalation_SOM
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.47.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.48 # UAE wins against pajeet sirs
    title = WNE.48.t
    desc = WNE.48.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_UAE
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 7
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "uae_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.48.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.48.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.49 # Total AKHAND BHARAT victory.................... Hindutva Power....
    title = WNE.49.t
    desc = WNE.49.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_PGR
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 6
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "pgr_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.49.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.49.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.50 # JDPON natives
    title = WNE.50.t
    desc = WNE.50.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_ind1
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 32
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "naarp"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.50.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.50.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.51 # not so JDPON natives
    title = WNE.51.t
    desc = WNE.51.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_ind2
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 33
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "arlo"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.51.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.51.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.52 # WHY CANT WE BE FRIENDS
    title = WNE.52.t
    desc = WNE.52.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_ind3
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 34
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "fourthworld"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.53.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.53.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.53 # Sz√©klers and Siebenburgers revolt
    title = WNE.53.t
    desc = WNE.53.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_rom1
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.53.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.54 # Soviets invade
    title = WNE.54.t
    desc = WNE.54.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_rom2
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.54.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.55 # ceasefire
    title = WNE.55.t
    desc = WNE.55.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_rom3
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.55.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.56 # DRUM BUN BUN TOBA BATE
    title = WNE.56.t
    desc = WNE.56.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_rom4
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.56.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.57 # islam be my chud!
    title = WNE.57.t
    desc = WNE.57.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_chud_bra
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.57.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.58 # Epic israeli totally not hezbollah takes a big piss in front of Beirut
    title = WNE.58.t
    desc = WNE.58.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_isr_intervention_in_lebanon
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.58.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.59 # Lebanonfalen
    title = WNE.59.t
    desc = WNE.59.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_leb_coll
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.59.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.60 # not hezbolah takes over leb
    title = WNE.60.t
    desc = WNE.60.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_lebsoc
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.60.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.61 # back to as it was
    title = WNE.61.t
    desc = WNE.61.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_statquo
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.61.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.62 # oui oui gaston, je aime le lebanon fasciste
    title = WNE.62.t
    desc = WNE.62.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_lebkataeb
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.62.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.63 # islamic soyjak
    title = WNE.63.t
    desc = WNE.63.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_syrialeb
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.63.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.64 # oui oui gaston je aime le lebanon democratique
    title = WNE.64.t
    desc = WNE.64.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_lebkataeb
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.64.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.65 #TOKYO... I KNEEL....
    title = WNE.65.t
    desc = WNE.65.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_jap_haw
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.65.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.66 #Total cracker victory
    title = WNE.66.t
    desc = WNE.66.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_usa_haw
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.66.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.67 #Indy Kdm.
    title = WNE.67.t
    desc = WNE.67.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_haw
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.67.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.68 #Pelosi is 'retired'
    title = WNE.68.t
    desc = WNE.68.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pelosi_rekt
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.68.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.69 #SSD win
    title = WNE.69.t
    desc = WNE.69.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_SSD_win
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.69.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.70 #NUE win, romanovs
    title = WNE.70.t
    desc = WNE.70.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_NUE_win
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.70.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.71 #LRA win
    title = WNE.71.t
    desc = WNE.71.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_LRA_win
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.71.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.72 #ARB win
    title = WNE.72.t
    desc = WNE.72.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_ARB_win
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.72.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.73 #EAF win
    title = WNE.73.t
    desc = WNE.73.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_EAF_win
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.73.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.74 #the funny
    title = WNE.74.t
    desc = WNE.74.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_ROMANOV_EMPIRE
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.74.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.75 #war is awesome!
    title = WNE.75.t
    desc = WNE.75.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_nobody_wins
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.75.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.76 #Evropa
    title = WNE.76.t
    desc = WNE.76.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_jerome_lux
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.76.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.77 #Japan seizes Korea
    title = WNE.77.t
    desc = WNE.77.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_epic_korea_fail
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.77.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.78 #China takes Yanbian
    title = WNE.78.t
    desc = WNE.78.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_yanbian_maoism
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.78.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.79 #Lolberts
    title = WNE.79.t
    desc = WNE.79.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_lolberts
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 12
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "lolbert_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.79.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.79.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.80 #three percenters
    title = WNE.80.t
    desc = WNE.80.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_tper
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 25
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "der_ewige_boomer_superevent"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.80.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.80.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.81 #Yglesias
    title = WNE.81.t
    desc = WNE.81.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_neolib
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 12
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "lolbert_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.81.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.81.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.82 #Sinema
    title = WNE.82.t
    desc = WNE.82.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_kyrsten
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 12
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "lolbert_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.82.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.82.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.83 #Wigger Reich
    title = WNE.83.t
    desc = WNE.83.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_wigger
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 11
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "covington_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.83.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.83.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.84 #SIEGE
    title = WNE.84.t
    desc = WNE.84.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_AWD
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 39
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "mason_se"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.84.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.84.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.85 #ANARCHY NAZISM
    title = WNE.85.t
    desc = WNE.85.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mathews
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 37
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "mathews"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.85.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.85.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.86 #suit and tie nazism
    title = WNE.86.t
    desc = WNE.86.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_long_johnson
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 38
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "johnson_se"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.86.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.86.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.87 #pence
    title = WNE.87.t
    desc = WNE.87.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pence
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 23
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "ULTRALIGHTBEAM_pence_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.87.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.87.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.88 #fuentes
    title = WNE.88.t
    desc = WNE.88.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_fuentes
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.88.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.89 #ye
    title = WNE.89.t
    desc = WNE.89.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_ye
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.89.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.90 #milo
    title = WNE.90.t
    desc = WNE.90.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_milo
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.90.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.91 #Nyx
    title = WNE.91.t
    desc = WNE.91.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_nyx
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 20
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "neon_genesis_nyxvangelion"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.91.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.91.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.92 #Gillis
    title = WNE.92.t
    desc = WNE.92.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_gillis
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 13
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "gillis"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.92.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.92.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.129 #Avakian wins somehow
    title = WNE.129.t
    desc = WNE.129.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_avakian
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 35
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "avakian_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.129.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.129.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.93 #Aragorn
    title = WNE.93.t
    desc = WNE.93.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_aragorn
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 8
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "anticiv_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.93.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.94 #Yarvin
    title = WNE.94.t
    desc = WNE.94.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_yarvin
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 26
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "yarvin_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.94.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.94.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.95 #Scientology
    title = WNE.95.t
    desc = WNE.95.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_sci
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 17
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "scientology_unification_fireworks"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.95.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.95.a
	}

}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.96 #Jorjani
    title = WNE.96.t
    desc = WNE.96.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_jorjani
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 14
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "jorjani"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.96.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.96.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.97 #BIG. SPENCE.
    title = WNE.97.t
    desc = WNE.97.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_big_spence
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 10
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "spencer_goes_driving_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.97.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.97.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.99 #Obamna
    title = WNE.99.t
    desc = WNE.99.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_obamna
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 21
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "obamaloca"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.99.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.99.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.100 #China wins in Korea
    title = WNE.100.t
    desc = WNE.100.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_yanbian_maoism
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.100.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.111 #Pelosi
    title = WNE.111.t
    desc = WNE.111.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pelosi
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 22
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "pelosi_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.111.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.111.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.112 #NYP
    title = WNE.112.t
    desc = WNE.112.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_nypd
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 19
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "nypd_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.112.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.112.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.113 #Patsocs
    title = WNE.113.t
    desc = WNE.113.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_maupin
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 16
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "maupin_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.113.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.113.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.114 #Srnicek
    title = WNE.114.t
    desc = WNE.114.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_srnicek
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 24
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "srnicek_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.114.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.114.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.115 #NWA
    title = WNE.115.t
    desc = WNE.115.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_NWA
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 27
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "NWA_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.115.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.115.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.116 #Opossum
    title = WNE.116.t
    desc = WNE.116.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_opossum
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 28
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "opossum"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.116.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.116.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.117 #Peltier
    title = WNE.117.t
    desc = WNE.117.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_peltier
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 29
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "peltier"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.117.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.117.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.118 #honse
    title = WNE.118.t
    desc = WNE.118.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_vaush
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 30
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "vaush"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.118.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.118.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.119 #HOArevolutionary_right
    title = WNE.119.t
    desc = WNE.119.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_hoarevolutionary_right
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 31
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "hoarevolutionary_right"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.119.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.119.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.120 #RIP queen
    title = WNE.120.t
    desc = WNE.120.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_liz
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.120.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.121 #Italy leaves the EU
    title = WNE.121.t
    desc = WNE.121.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_italexit
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.121.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.122 #Second march on rome
    title = WNE.122.t
    desc = WNE.122.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_italdie
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.122.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.123 #FranZe
    title = WNE.123.t
    desc = WNE.123.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_franze
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.123.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.124 #FranZe epic fail
    title = WNE.124.t
    desc = WNE.124.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_epic_franze_fail
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.124.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.125 #FranZe epic win
    title = WNE.125.t
    desc = WNE.125.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_franze_awesome
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.125.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.126 #Meloni
    title = WNE.126.t
    desc = WNE.126.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_meloni
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.126.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.127 #Zorzi
    title = WNE.127.t
    desc = WNE.127.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_japanitaly
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.127.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.128 #Rizzo
    title = WNE.128.t
    desc = WNE.128.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_rizz_in_ohio
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.128.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.130 #Monaco
    title = WNE.130.t
    desc = WNE.130.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_monacosocial
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.130.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.131 #Logo/Cameron Fuller
    title = WNE.131.t
    desc = WNE.131.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_logodaedalus
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 15
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "logo_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.131.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.131.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.132 #Tahoe
    title = WNE.132.t
    desc = WNE.132.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_fall_of_tahoe
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.132.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.133 #Luka
    title = WNE.133.t
    desc = WNE.133.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_batka
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.133.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.134 #Avakian
    title = WNE.134.t
    desc = WNE.134.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_avakian
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 9
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "avakian_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.134.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.135 #new left socialism nippon
    title = WNE.135.t
    desc = WNE.135.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_libtard_jaabn
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.135.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.136 #Nikkurando
    title = WNE.136.t
    desc = WNE.136.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_nikkurando
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 36
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "nikkurando"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.136.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.136.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.137 #NIPPON BUT AWESOME
    title = WNE.137.t
    desc = WNE.137.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_jaabn_z
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.137.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.138 #Nigeria goes NatCom
    title = WNE.138.t
    desc = WNE.138.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_natcom_nigeria
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.138.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.139 #Space Events: Earth Take-off
    title = WNE.139.t
    desc = WNE.139.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_takeoff
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.139.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.141
            days = 16
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.141 #Space Events: Lunar Take-off
    title = WNE.141.t
    desc = WNE.141.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_takeoff_moon
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.141.a
      hidden_effect = {
        random_list = {
            80 = {
                news_event = {
                    id = WNE.142
                    days = 187
                }
            }
            15 = {
                news_event = {
                    id = WNE.149
                    days = 187
                }
            }
            5 = {
                news_event = {
                    id = WNE.151
                    days = 187
                }
            }
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.142 #Space Events: Mars Landing
    title = WNE.142.t
    desc = WNE.142.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_landing
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 40
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "mars"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.142.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.154
            days = 209
        }
      }
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.142.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.154
            days = 209
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.143 #Space Events: Mars Drilling, Ares Arrives in Orbit
    title = WNE.143.t
    desc = WNE.143.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_drilling
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.143.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.144
            days = 153
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.144 #Space Events: Liquid Water On Mars
    title = WNE.144.t
    desc = WNE.144.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_water
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.144.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.145
            days = 145
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.145 #Space Events: Pilgrim 2 Resupply
    title = WNE.145.t
    desc = WNE.145.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_resupply
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.145.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.146
            days = 95
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.146 #Space Events: Life On Mars maybe
    title = WNE.146.t
    desc = WNE.146.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_life_on_mars
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.146.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.147
            days = 279
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.147 #Space Events: Pilgrim 3 resupply, shuttle returns to Earth with samples
    title = WNE.147.t
    desc = WNE.147.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_life_on_mars_resupply
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.147.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.148
            days = 247
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.148 #Space Events: Life On Mars!
    title = WNE.148.t
    desc = WNE.148.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_life_on_mars_confirmed
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 42
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "alien_life"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.148.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.148.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.149 #Space Events: Mars crew stranded
    title = WNE.149.t
    desc = WNE.149.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_stranded
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 40
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "mars"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.149.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.150
            days = 33
        }
      }
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.149.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.150
            days = 33
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.150 #Space Events: problems with hab modules, pilgrim-2 expedited
    title = WNE.150.t
    desc = WNE.150.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_resupply
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.150.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.155
            days = 119
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.151 #Space Events: Mars crew dead
    title = WNE.151.t
    desc = WNE.151.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_crash
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 41
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "mars_death"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.151.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.162
            days = 137
        }
      }
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.151.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.162
            days = 137
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.152 #Space Events: Pilgrim-2 expedited
    title = WNE.152.t
    desc = WNE.152.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_crash_pilgrim_2
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.152.a
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.153 #Space Events: Pilgrim-1 buried
    title = WNE.153.t
    desc = WNE.153.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_pilgrim_1_buried
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.153.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.157
            days = 124
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.154 #Space Events: Mars Base complete
    title = WNE.154.t
    desc = WNE.154.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_base
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.154.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.143
            days = 20
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.155 #Space Events: Pilgrim-2 landing, slightly different loc for stranded
    title = WNE.155.t
    desc = WNE.155.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_pilgrim_2
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.155.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.156
            days = 246
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.156 #Space Events: First base on Mars, slightly different loc for stranded
    title = WNE.156.t
    desc = WNE.156.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_base
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.156.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.158
            days = 64
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.157 #Space Events: First base on mars, slightly different loc for lost crew
    title = WNE.157.t
    desc = WNE.157.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_base
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.157.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.163
            days = 33
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.158 #Space Events: drilling, stranded crew
    title = WNE.158.t
    desc = WNE.158.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_drilling
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.158.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.159
            days = 156
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.159 #Space Events: water, stranded crew
    title = WNE.159.t
    desc = WNE.159.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_water
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.159.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.160
            days = 184
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.160 #Space Events: life on mars, stranded crew
    title = WNE.160.t
    desc = WNE.160.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_life_on_mars
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.160.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.161
            days = 62
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.161 #Space Events: pilgrim 3 supply
    title = WNE.161.t
    desc = WNE.161.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pilgrim_3
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.161.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.148
            days = 249
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.162 #Space Events: pilgrim 2 expedited; lost crew
    title = WNE.162.t
    desc = WNE.162.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_crash_pilgrim_2
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.162.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.153
            days = 339
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.163 #Space Events: liquid water, lost crew
    title = WNE.163.t
    desc = WNE.163.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_mars_water
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.163.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.164
            days = 308
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.164 #Space Events: pilgrim 3 lands, lost crew
    title = WNE.164.t
    desc = WNE.164.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pilgrim_3
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.164.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.165
            days = 123
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.165 #Space Events: life on mars, lost crew
    title = WNE.165.t
    desc = WNE.165.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_life_on_mars
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    } 

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.165.a
      hidden_effect = {
        news_event = {
            id = WNE.148
            days = 217
        }
      }
	}
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.166 #Turkey, Kemalist victory
    title = WNE.166.t
    desc = WNE.166.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_kemalist_turkey
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.166.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.167 #Turkey, TKP victory
    title = WNE.167.t
    desc = WNE.167.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_communist_turkey
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.167.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.168 #Turkey, Left Technocrat victory
    title = WNE.168.t
    desc = WNE.168.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_left_tech_turkey
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.168.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.169 #Turkey, PatSoc victory
    title = WNE.169.t
    desc = WNE.169.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_patsoc_turkey
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.169.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.170 #Turkey, Thirdworldist victory
    title = WNE.170.t
    desc = WNE.170.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_thirdworldist_turkey
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.170.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.171 #Turkey, Bataillean victory
    title = WNE.171.t
    desc = WNE.171.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_bataillean_turkey
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.171.a
   }
}

#### EXPANDED AMBAZONIA START ####

news_event = {
    id = WNE.172 #PRA: Lekeaka
    title = WNE.172.t
    desc = WNE.172.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_lekeaka
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.172.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.173 #PRA: Tigers
    title = WNE.173.t
    desc = WNE.173.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_pratigers
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.173.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.174 #AMB: Bambalang
    title = WNE.174.t
    desc = WNE.174.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_benard
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.174.a
   }
}

news_event = {
    id = WNE.175 #AMB: Center holds
    title = WNE.175.t
    desc = WNE.175.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_amb
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.175.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.176 #PRA: Sovmarsys holds
    title = WNE.176.t
    desc = WNE.176.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_praamb
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.176.a
   }
}

#### EXPANDED AMAZONIA END ####

#### NWG ELECTIONS ####

news_event = {
    id = WNE.177 #NWG: Knoch wins election
    title = WNE.177.t
    desc = WNE.177.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_nwg_knoch
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.177.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.178 #NWG: Soerjosoemarno wins elections
    title = WNE.178.t
    desc = WNE.178.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_soerjosoemarno
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.178.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.179 #NWG: Geert Wilders wins elections
    title = WNE.179.t
    desc = WNE.179.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_geert_wilders
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.179.a
   }
}
####END OF NWG STUFF####

#### Beginning Of Soviet Expanded Content ####

news_event = {
    id = WNE.180 #SOV: Oleg Komolov
    title = WNE.180.t
    desc = WNE.180.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_komolov
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.180.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.181 #SOV: Viktor Argonov
    title = WNE.181.t
    desc = WNE.181.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_argonov
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.181.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.182 #SOV: Alexandra Elbakyan
    title = WNE.182.t
    desc = WNE.182.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_elbakyan
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.182.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.183 #SOV: Kagarlitsky
    title = WNE.183.t
    desc = WNE.183.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_kagarlitsky
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.183.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.184 #SOV: Olga Shalina
    title = WNE.184.t
    desc = WNE.184.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_shalina
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.184.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.185 #SOV: Beness Aijo
    title = WNE.185.t
    desc = WNE.185.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_BLACK_LENIN
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.185.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.186 #SOV: Sergei Uldatsov
    title = WNE.186.t
    desc = WNE.186.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_uldatsov
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.186.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.187 #SOV: Pavel Zarifullin
    title = WNE.187.t
    desc = WNE.187.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_zarifullin
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.187.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.188 #SOV: Egor Letov
    title = WNE.188.t
    desc = WNE.188.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_letov_wtf
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.188.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.189 #Miskitoreich
    title = WNE.189.t
    desc = WNE.189.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_miskitoreich
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.189.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.190 #Honduras
    title = WNE.190.t
    desc = WNE.190.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_honduras
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.190.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.191 #Bukele
    title = WNE.191.t
    desc = WNE.191.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_bukkake
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.191.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.192 #NiKKKaragua
    title = WNE.192.t
    desc = WNE.192.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_nicasandist
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.192.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.193 #Brazil democratizes
    title = WNE.193.t
    desc = WNE.193.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_demobrazil
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.193.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.194 #Communist Gangster Computer God In Brazil
    title = WNE.194.t
    desc = WNE.194.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_brazilcom
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.194.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.195 #Kogos Konfederation
    title = WNE.195.t
    desc = WNE.195.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_brazilkogos
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.195.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.196 #Celebrityreich
    title = WNE.196.t
    desc = WNE.196.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_brazilceleb
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.196.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.197 #maoism
    title = WNE.197.t
    desc = WNE.197.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_braziLMAO
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.197.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.198 #war in liberia
    title = WNE.198.t
    desc = WNE.198.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_liberiawar
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.198.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.199 #war in liberia
    title = WNE.199.t
    desc = WNE.199.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_PRESIDENT_TUBMAN
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.199.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.200 #guinea wins
    title = WNE.200.t
    desc = WNE.200.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_guineanliberia
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.200.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.201 #Liberians are immune to ZOG
    title = WNE.201.t
    desc = WNE.201.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_liberia_taylor
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.201.a
   }
}
news_event = {
    id = WNE.202
    title = WNE.202.t
    desc = WNE.202.desc
    picture = GFX_report_event_ezra
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
    immediate = {
    set_country_flag = event_open
    }

    option = {
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.202.a
   }
}

news_event = {
    id = WNE.203 # sigma gooner war
    title = WNE.203.t
    desc = WNE.203.desc
    #picture = GFX_Super_bavaria
    is_triggered_only = yes
    fire_only_once = yes
immediate = {
set_country_flag = event_open
} 

    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = superevents_ok} }
        set_variable = {
          var = global.current_superevent
          value = 1
        }
        set_global_flag = Super_Event_Visible
		hidden_effect = {
			sound_effect = "bavaria_super"
		}
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.203.a
	}
    option = {
        trigger = { THIS = { has_global_flag = shut_up_superevents } }
      clr_country_flag = event_open
      name = WNE.203.a
	}
}